switch places with me switch places they
come on uncle wonder you go over yeah
get right on that
yeah sure we won't get arrested for this
hi officer as I going a little too fast
oh my god bless your license please
oh yes absolutely you know it's weird
but I had a dream last night that I was
stopped by a policeman and then yeah
well I probably shouldn't tell you the
rest you license yes oh here you go
officer Hanson its Hanson I'm sorry my
mistake
Wow
here it comes this is a great picture
really you know I had just rolled right
out of bed she how will you look
phenomenal well she should it was taken
ten years ago
you know you're probably probably
wondering about the old date yes I am
you're an Aquarius huh
I bet you're a Gemini nope
Taurus no Virgo nope
Sagittarius yep no wait I'll tell you
what you're not you're speeding all
right I won't speak and you promise you
get this taken care of right away I prom
in a meantime you better let him drive
does he have a license yeah
can he handle the stick Oh
you know what remind me to introduce you
to someone who fourth gear
[Music]
but what is he born I wasn't doing
anything
well maybe he saw your hand slipped
briefly from the 10 in 2 o'clock
position
maybe it's Sergeant Sagittarius coming
back to flirt some more
[Music]
different guy good evening officer
do you know how fast you were traveling
back there no I don't but it could not
have been more than 60 you're right it
was 37 I mean you're not gonna give me a
ticket for driving too slow oh yeah
that's right officer I had the weirdest
dream last night your license please you
don't you don't want to hear about my
dream
it's petty I'll be right back with your
ticket do you have a son no
you